>>When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping
all your work local?

When working remotely (not from your regular office or workstation);
also, possibly, when collaborating with others who may be working on
the same file/project as you.


>>Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Otherwise you could be uploading changes before they are ready to go
live.


>>Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.
When would you use one instead of another?

FORKS are used to copy another GitHub user's repository onto my GitHub
account.

CLONES are used to copy a GitHub or a local repository onto my machine.

BRANCHES are a way of labelling commits within a file's history locally
or on GitHub.


>>What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?

Having a local copy of the last known state of the remote allows you to
check the differences between the version you're working on and the
last known working state of the file/s. Also, if a new feature has been
uploaded onto the remote (and then downloaded locally) but you're not
ready to push your version up yet, you can still inspect the changes
without losing either version.


>>How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier and what would be harder?

EASIER:
- To keep track of *your* version of the files
HARDER:
- To comment on specific lines
- To keep track of project changes overall
- To control the progress overall
- To communicate between people filling different roles
- To fork another person's project while maintaining the connection to
  the original


>>When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

+ Working directly in master:
 PROS:
 - Pushing/pulling is easier and doesn't require extra merges between
   local branches
 - Easier to keep track of the project as a whole
 CONS:
 - More difficult to work on separate features
 - More difficult to collaborate
 - If you need to revert changes, many features could be lost in the
   process
 - You might not want to publish certain features on master before
   they're ready

+ Working in separate branches:
 PROS:
 - Easier to control the progress of the project
 - Easier to collaborate
 - Easier to work on experimental features
 CONS:
 - Extra steps involved when merging local changes that conflict with
   those on GitHub
 - Potentially more difficult to lose track of what version is where